This code starts with analyzing an entire district. The amount of schools, the number of students, the budget, the average
math score, the average reading score, the percentage of students who passed math and reading, and the percentage of students
who passed both are all calculated and put into a dataframe that represents the district's metrics. 

After that, the school type, the student count, and the budget for each school is found. The capita for each school is then 
found as well using the knowledge of budget and student count. The average math and reading scores are then found for each 
school. The amount of students who pass math, pass reading, and pass both are then found. The passing rates for each school 
are then calculated using the amount of students who pass math/reading/both and the total student count per school. All of 
this summarized data is then put into a dataframe which gives the metrics for each school. 

The five schools with the highest overall passing percentage are then found alongside the five schools with the lowest
overall passing percentage. 

The next part of the analysis involves splitting up the data into the grades (9th, 10th, 11th, 12th). The average math scores
for each grade is found and this is all concatenated into a dataframe which ends up giving the average math scores for each
grade per school. The exact same thing is done on the reading scores, so another dataframe containing the average reading 
scores is created. 

The next part of the analysis involves binning the data. Firstly, the binning is done according to the capita spending per
school. A new column is created in a copied dataframe which classifies the "Per Student Budget" in terms of the spending
ranges (<585, 585-630, 630-645, 645-680). The average math scores, reading scores, passing math percentage, passing reading
percentage, and passing overall percentage is found for each of the range and placed in a new dataframe. This new dataframe 
contains the spending summary and the respective scores. Another binning is done according to the school size. A new column
is created which bins the "Total Students" column into the appropriate range(Small, Medium, and Large). The exact same 
metrics as the first binning is done on this based on the school size. A new dataframe is then created which contains the
averages of these metrics for each school size. 

The last part of the analysis involves calculating the average math score, average reading score, passing math percentage,
passing reading percentage, and passing overall percentage according to the school type(Charter and District). The values
are then placed into another dataframe which contains the two school types and all the averages associated with them.

From all of this, one conclusion that can be made is that "Charter" school type has higher scores across the board compared
to the "District" school type. All of the means in the "Charter" row in the 'type_summary' dataframe are greater than the 
values in the "District" row. The largest difference seems to be in the "% Overall Passing" column. The mean for "Charter"
is 90.43, while the mean for the "District" is 53.67. In more digestible terms, this indicates that students who study at 
Charter schools tend to pass more in both reading and math compared to students who study at District schools. A second 
conclusion that can be drawn is by looking at the 'size_summary' dataframe. From this, we see that there is very little
difference in any of the scores in the small and medium school groups. However, there is a noticeable difference in scores
for the large school groups. The larger school groups seem to have lower averages in scores than both the small and medium
schools. The difference in the small and medium groups have a difference of around 1.00, but the largest difference between
the small and large schools is 31.60. In simpler terms, students studying at small or medium schools don't have much 
difference in their averages scores, but the average scores are greatly difference for students attending large schools.
Students at large schools have lower average scores across the board, with the overall passing percentage having the largest
reduction in score average between large and small schools.   

